Don't think you can turn into a phoenix by hooking up with my fiancé
It's just a pheasant
Miss Rong, I have broken up with your fiancé.
Please don't find fault for no reason.
After all, I had a fight with my fiancé
Dressed so shabby
Those who don't know think you are poor
I know, I thought my fiancé treated you harshly
Miss Rong, you don't have to make fun of me
I'm coming to your engagement party today
It's because the director put pressure on me
So today I was paid to come to work
Please get out of the way
That's right. After all, compared to our short-term bed office in Yanjing.
Or is this job more down-to-earth?
You're wearing such cheap and revealing clothes
It is to find the next home faster.
It's easy to target you again and again
Is it because you don't have confidence in your fiancé?
So come to me to find a sense of presence?
Xu Shiya, you'd better be careful what you say
Because it's not just the director who can make you lose your job
Today you are the protagonist
You'd better calm down
What do you mean?
Well, grandpa is still watching
Unless you want to experiment
I'll be good tomorrow
If Zhao Liang is a brother
Don't take advantage of the fire
Friend wife can kiss